[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is
to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
However, Luffy becomes
sidetracked when he finds out
that the prize at a local
fighting tournament
is the Flame-Flame Fruit.
[REBECCA]
My soldier. Please don't die.
You never gave up.
[CROWD jeering]
[REBECCA]
So neither will I!
[CROWD jeering]
Rebecca! Go to hell!
[MAN B]
You're nothing but garbage!
[MAN C]
I hope you die, Rebecca!
[MAN D]
Yeah, and I hope it's painful!
[MAN E]
You're the shame of Dressrosa!
They should set you
on fire in honor of your
pyro granddad!
[GYATS] Block D of the Corrida
Colosseum battle royale
is beginning!
And the crowd seems
to be showing a strong
reaction to the Phantom
Princess, Rebecca!
[LUFFY] Whatever the
old king did back then,
even if she is his
granddaughter...
It had nothing
to do with Rebecca!
Yeah. Couldn't agree more!
[INMATE B]
You're all right after all.
What happened
with her grandfather
was devastating to Dressrosa,
but the real struggle
lies elsewhere.
As for us...
We love Rebecca.
She's our one beacon of hope!
[LUFFY]
Beacon of hope?
Yeah. She saved us
from our despair.
We've been fighting
as hard as we can
to pull ourselves
out of this pit of misery,
but to no avail.
All we can do is survive.
[INMATE B] We ended up
like this because we weren't
strong enough,
but she is one tough cookie!
Whatever she's up against,
we'll always believe in Rebecca!
[INMATE A]
She just needs to win this thing
and get the Flame-Flame fruit.
If she can do that,
everything'll finally change
for the better.
[CROWD jeers]
Get outta here!
[COMPETITOR A]
Everybody hates you.
How does that feel?
The crowd thinks
you're even worse
than that scumbag
Bartolomeo from Block B!
And that's pretty damn awful!
[COMPETITOR C]
Sucks to be you!
[GROUP laughs]
[MAN F]
Go to hell, Rebecca!
[MAN G] You and the rest
of that bastard Riku's family!
[jeering continues]
[CAVENDISH]
That's quite enough!
[GYATS]
What's this?
Someone's entering the ring!
You're the rudest crowd
I've ever seen!
I'm appalled!
It's downright shameful!
[GYATS] It's none other
than the Captain of the
Beautiful Pirates!
Cavendish of the White Horse!
[CROWD cheers]
[WOMAN B yells]
Cavendish, darling!
Ahh, he's just too beautiful.
Whoa. Did she die?
Well, if these ladies had
been his opponents,
he would have won
in a heartbeat!
He still has the look
that made him famous
three years ago!
They never stood a chance!
Cavendish, my hero!
Go ahead,
slaughter that ugly cow!
Yeah, that's right,
we want to see her suffer!
[CAVENDISH]
Shut your filthy mouths!
I don't understand what she
did to inspire such hatred,
but this young lady is
courageous enough to fight
to the death!
It's easy for you to scorn her.
You're safe up in your seats!
If you truly wish
to see her dead,
by all means,
I invite you to come down
and fight her!
Your voices are like
the buzzing of insects,
you heartless cowards.
I won't abide by your cruelty,
even within this arena
of bloodshed.
Don't act as though life
and death are a mere game!
[CAVENDISH]
Thank you, Farul.
[COMPETITOR F] He just brought
the horse for his entrance?
Wow, Cabbage.
That was actually real nice!
I still don't like you though.
You suck.
[CROWD cheers]
[WOMAN G]
Oh, Cavendish!
[WOMAN H]
You're so honorable!
[MAN H] I'm not even mad
about Rebecca anymore!
I just want to see this guy win!
[MAN I]
Woo, Cavendish! Yeah!
Wow, what a charmer!
He's got real charisma!
He just swooped in out
of nowhere and turned
all those frowns upside down!
[COMPETITOR G]
Look. I get it, buddy.
I can see why that
would bother you.
You tried to prove a point
and they're just screamin'
over you.
But hey, what can you do?
Don't let it get you down.
Everybody loves me!
This is great!
That's how you feel?!
It's been too long!
Excuse me.
Thank you for
defending my honor.
That was kind.
Oh. That's all right.
Their reaction did aggravate me,
but you had it much worse.
In any case, though,
we're opponents now.
True.
[CAVENDISH] Now that I think
about it, there must be
at least a few news
reporters in the crowd.
Ooh, that means I could
be in the newspaper!
I can hear their praise now.
They'd say "Hey, superstar!"
and I'd say "Who, me?"
[laughs]
Just kidding!
Now!
All the competitors are here,
so let's battle!
One abstention leaves us
with 137 fighters in Block D!
[CROWD cheers]
This is the ultimate
battle royale!
Warriors, get ready!
And, fight!
En guarde!
[WOMAN I]
We love you, Cavendish!
[MAN J]
Off with their heads, Suleiman!
[MAN K]
Orlumbus'll finish 'em off!
[MAN L]
You're dead meat, Rebecca!
[REBECCA]
I won't lose, Soldier.
You'll see.
It's not like I'm looking to
hear your whole life story,
but the only people
with the power to use
the Government to deceive us
are the Celestial Dragons!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
Uh-huh. What's your point?
You can't put this
off anymore. Heh.
[LAW]
What did you mean earlier?
What is it that's
so complicated?
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
Why don't you hand
Caesar over to me
and then we can chat.
And don't forget
his heart, either.
[LAW]
Is Caesar that important to you?
Or maybe it's SMILE
you're worried about?
I figured.
I bet you're pretty scared, huh?
Because if you can't
produce SMILE,
Kaido is gonna kill you.
[LAW]
Room!
Shambles!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
You're mine now.
Fujitora?
Pardon the intrusion.
Why did you save him?
It had to be done,
Heavenly Demon.
I have my orders.
I didn't come here to kill him.
My objective is to
only apprehend him.
Fine. He can live.
[LAW grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO] But there's still
the matter of Caesar's heart,
if you recall.
Oh, also, that question
you asked me,
about controlling
the government?
I'll tell you.
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
Hey!
The heroes have arrived!
I want everybody to meet
Usoland and Robiland!
Hey, Usopp! Robin!
[DWARVES chattering]
Yellow Cub Squad
and Pink Bee Squad
arriving from Green Bit, sir!
Well done, Leo!
We're all ready, Commander!
Listen well!
My friends, this battle is
a chance for us to reclaim
our freedom,
and to restore the honor
of our dethroned King Riku!
[DWARVES cheer]
[TOY SOLDIER]
As you know, on that sad day,
Doflamingo took away
the happy life we all shared!
We will never forgive that!
[DWARVES jeer]
For an entire year,
we've planned for this day!
Though our foes may be
formidable, we shall prevail!
[DWARVES cheer]
[USOPP] I'd better listen
to their plan carefully.
That way, I'll know
just when to bail!
Hey, Zoroland!
We're about to take
a left turn up ahead.
If you don't remember,
left is the side
you don't carry your swords on!
You think I'm too stupid
to know right from left?!
Yep!
You're not about to
fight just anybody.
It's one of Don Quixote's
executives.
Her name is Giolla!
Her powers turn people and
objects into weird paintings!
It'll be hard to beat her!
You really know
your stuff, don't you?
She works with Doflamingo.
I memorized as many of
the family's names, faces,
and abilities as I could!
Especially those three.
The top-ranked executives
who wiped out Dressrosa's
army ten years ago.
Trebol! Diamante!
And the big guy, Pica!
Those are three faces
I'll never forget.
Wait, ten years ago?
But you're a kid!
No, I'm 27!
Huh? How's that possible?
[KIN'EMON]
Huh?
That's Zoro!
[WICKA]
I said left!
[KIN'EMON]
Sir Zoro! We meet again!
Come over this way! Hey!
How 'bout some subtlety, huh?
Who are those people?
They don't look too bright.
Allow me to introduce you to
Dumb-land and Dumber-land.
Whoa, really?
So you're on the
way to save Nami?
That's why she didn't pick
up the Snail!
I knew I sensed
a damsel in distress.
All right, I'm coming with you!
[KIN'EMON]
But wait, Sir Sanji!
We have vital information
to give to Sir Luffy!
We mustn't abandon that!
There you are!
[SANJI]
Oh!
Violet, my sweet!
That kinda crap's gonna
get you killed, idiot!
Listen, Black Leg,
your ship's been hijacked
by my colleague, Giolla!
And they're making their
way to Green Bit now!
[CROWD cheers]
Well, folks,
the battle for Block D
is going to be
an interesting one!
But who will win?
We'll see soon enough!
[REBECCA]
I can't let myself be defeated!
I'm going to win this fight,
get the Flame-Flame Fruit,
and kill Doflamingo!
I say we get Rebecca
out of the way first.
[COMPETITOR M]
Yeah, sounds good.
[REBECCA]
This time, Soldier.
I'll be the one to protect you!
These people can't wait
to see you die, Rebecca!
And if I'm the one to kill you,
I'll be a national hero!
[LUFFY]
Hey, that's no fair!
There's five people gangin'
up on her at once!
Yeah. I know, but it happens
every time she fights.
She's used to it by now.
It's always her against
a bunch of big tough guys.
She's usually the
only woman, too.
Not just that, but everyone
in the Colosseum
wants to see her suffer,
so of course the other
contestants target her first.
She's really got the odds
stacked against her
in every way.
I don't envy her.
[LUFFY growls]
Go get 'em, Rebecca!
You can do it!
If no one else'll root
for you, then I will!
This oughtta be a fun time,
eh, Rebecca?
You can attack too, you know.
What, you think you're
better than me?!
[COMPETITOR O]
Hey!
[COMPETITOR L]
Screw you!
[COMPETITOR O]
Damn it!
--That's it!
--Gotcha!
That's not fair.
[MAN M]
Don't be a coward!
At least fight back!
We came for blood!
You will learn
to defend yourself.
My mother told me
I should never hurt
others no matter what!
[COMPETITOR K]
That's it!
You can't just keep
dodging forever!
In that case,
you must protect yourself
from those who would hurt you.
You're mine!
[COMPETITOR M]
What the--?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Stand up, child! Don't give up!
Dammit, quit movin' around!
You're in for it now!
[COMPETITOR M yells]
[LUFFY]
Yeah, that was awesome!
Go, Rebecca!
I'll win this.
I have to!
[NARRATOR] The heartless
Doflamingo reveals the shocking
truth to Law,
while Chopper's team,
after having been transformed
into pieces of art,
attempts a last-ditch effort
to launch a counterattack.
Thus begins the
intense final faceoff
against Giolla to rescue
the Thousand Sunny!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Decisive Battle!
Giolla vs. the Straw Hats!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!